.TH JERRY 1 "2024 November" "jerry 1.0"

.SH NAME
jerry \- search and watch anime with various options

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B jerry
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ query ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.B jerry
is a script that allows users to search for and watch anime with various options.
If a query is provided, it will be used to search for an anime, and will default to the 'Watch New' option.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI \-c , --continue
Continue watching from the currently watching list (using the user's Anilist account).

.TP
.BI \--dub
Allows user to watch anime in dub.

.TP
.BI \-d , --discord
Display currently watching anime in Discord Rich Presence (jerrydiscordpresence.py is required for this; check the wiki for instructions on how to install it).

.TP
.BI \-e , --edit
Edit config file using an editor defined with jerry_editor in the config (\$EDITOR by default). If a config file does not exist, creates one with a default configuration.

.TP
.BI \-h , --help
Show this help message and exit.

.TP
.BI \-i , --image-preview
Allows image preview in fzf and rofi.

.TP
.BI \-j , --json
Outputs the JSON containing video links, subtitle links, referrers, etc. to stdout.

.TP
.BI \-l , --language
Specify the subtitle language.

.TP
.BI \-n , --number
Specify the episode number for an anime.

.TP
.BI \--rofi , --dmenu , --external-menu
Use an external menu (instead of the default fzf) to select an anime (default is rofi, but this can be specified in the config file).

.TP
.BI \-q , --quality
Specify the video quality.

.TP
.BI \-s , --syncplay
Watch anime together with friends, using Syncplay (only tested using mpv).

.TP
.BI \-u , --update
Update the script.

.TP
.BI \-v , --version
Show the script version.

.TP
.BI \-w , --website
Choose which website to get video links from (default: allanime; currently supported: allanime, aniwatch, yugen, hdrezka, and crunchyroll).

.SH NOTES
.PP
All arguments can be specified in the config file as well. If an argument is specified in both the config file and the command line, the command line argument will be used.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.B jerry -q 720 banana fish
.B jerry --rofi -l russian cyberpunk edgerunners -i -n 2
.B jerry -l spanish cyberpunk edgerunners --number 2 --json
